feat(create-rsbuild): add `@rstest/adapter-rsbuild` to reuse rsbuild's configuration (#6941)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/guide/advanced/testing.mdx

npm run test:watch
```

#### Configuring Rstest

Rstest provides various configuration options that can be set by creating an `rstest.config.ts` file in the root of your project. Here is an example configuration file:

```ts title="rstest.config.ts"
import { defineConfig } from '@rstest/core';

export default defineConfig({
  include: ['test/**/*.test.ts'],
  testEnvironment: 'node',
});
```

In the configuration file, you can specify test file matching patterns, set the test environment, configure code coverage, etc. For detailed information on all available configuration options, please refer to the [Rstest documentation](https://rstest.rs/config).

#### Reusing Rsbuild configuration

`@rstest/adapter-rsbuild` is the official adapter that lets Rstest reuse your existing Rsbuild configuration. This keeps your test and build environments aligned and avoids duplicated setup.

```ts title="rstest.config.ts"
import { defineConfig } from '@rstest/core';
import { withRsbuildConfig } from '@rstest/adapter-rsbuild';

export default defineConfig({
  extends: withRsbuildConfig(),
  // Additional rstest-specific configuration
});
```

> For more information about the `withRsbuildConfig` function, please refer to the [Rstest documentation](https://rstest.rs/guide/integration/rsbuild#reusing-rsbuild-configuration).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about the `withRsbuildConfig` function, please refer to the [Rstest documentation](https://rstest.rs/guide/integration/rsbuild#reuse-rsbuild-config).
```

> For more information about the `withRsbuildConfig` function, please refer to the [Rstest documentation](https://rstest.rs/guide/integration/rsbuild#reusing-rsbuild-configuration).

Reviewer: Should be https://rstest.rs/guide/integration/rsbuild#reusing-rsbuild-configuration
